hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a crime thriller film: "Captivity"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
in a bustling city, there is an unknown assailant
who enjoys abducting and torturing other people
and he is still at large continuing his crime
his next target is a rising fashion model, Jennifer
so he starts to stalk his victim and records her personal life
Jennifer's company turns down her application of taking a vacation
so she has to go to a charitable activity that evening in a bar with her dog
but gradually, she feels dizzy due to the drinking
Jennifer realizes that she must have been drugged
so she wants to go to the washroom and vomit what she has drunk
but in the corridor, she finds a camera
which is playing her every action in the bar
then she is attacked by someone and loses her consciousness
when Jennifer wakes up, she hears the sound of seabirds
with dizziness, she walks to the window
but soon finds that what she saw just now turns out to be a projection image
she is totally frightened and cowers in the corner
in the dim light, Jennifer realizes she is locked in a cell
where contains a lot of personal items taken from her apartment
and a huge poster about herself
she feels so scared by those things
suddenly, the metal drawer on the wall is opened
and there is a drink and a card with some words on it
but in anger, Jennifer doesn't take it
she throws the cup to the wall and breaks all the other things prepared for her
barking an order at the hidden kidnapper to let her go
but her resistance is made in vain
oppressed by a burst of narcotic gas, Jennifer soon faints again
when she wakes up
she finds herself lying on an operating table which is used to punish other victims before
in front of her, there is a television playing a cruel recording about a girl
being abused with acid
though the girl was crying and begging for mercy, she was killed nevertheless
now it seems that the kidnapper intends to treat Jennifer the same way
Jennifer is in great horror
she begs in despair for the kidnapper to stop, but to no avail
some unknown liquid drips down on her face
then she faints again
later, Jennifer wakes up from the nightmare
and she can feel her face tied up in bandages
but under the bandages, the wound on her face is just a fake one
Jennifer is totally confused
she then takes the key from the drawer and opens the cupboard
seeing that there is a set of revealing suit
immediately she tears the suit and throws it away in anger
which however, brings her a lot of suffering
the room is soon flooded with the hash sound that makes her feel extremely painful
she can't bear it, but hide under the bed to alleviate the pain
after the sound fades out
Jennifer finds a dropped blade and uses it to remove the screws of the ventilation duct
she then squeezes into the duct
but before she can move a little further
the duct is suddenly sawed, and she is stuck in the middle
the kidnapper grabs her arm and forces her to take a shot of anesthetic
causing her to faint again and be confined to the operation table
to make her obey him totally
the kidnapper mashes fragments of other people's bodies into pulp
and forces Jennifer to swallow it all
while Jennifer falls asleep
the kidnapper continues to make a book collection
about the details of torturing and killing her
on the other hand, Jennifer wakes up
and finds some light piercing through the paint on the glass wall
she checks it and discovers a few words on the glass
in that way, Jennifer knows about a man Gary who is also abducted in the opposite cell
the man gives her a box of matches through the shutters
Jennifer lights the match, so that they can see a small part of each other's faces
then they begin to talk about their experience after being kept in captivity
Jennifer and Gary decide to escape from there together
when she wakes up from a dream the next day
Gary already cleans up all the paint on the wall
so they can see each other very clearly now
but it seems that the kidnapper is just playing games with them
he can know everything behind the screen
watching them talking about their escaping plan
he turns off the light to scare Jennifer
and then comes to Gary's room and knocks him out
Jennifer shrinks in the corner with fear
but the kidnapper comes to her and makes her faint again
when Jennifer wakes up
she finds herself locked in confinement
which is slowly filled up with the falling sand
outside the space, there is a sandglass counting down the time of her death
while Jennifer can do nothing but cry out in despair
fortunately, Gary wakes up at the same time
and he begins to find a way to save Jennifer
soon after, he discovers a leak in the ventilation duct
he takes an iron bar and crawls through the duct to get her
at the very critical moment, Gary breaks the top of the space
and helps her escape the confinement
then they escape through the duct and search to another room
in dim light, they find a totally festered female body in a bathtub
the kidnapper comes to catch them
so they run to the garage and get into the car
trying to smash through the shutter door for escape
but Gary loses his consciousness due to the crash
locked inside the car, Jennifer is also knocked out by the sleeping gas
as a punishment for an attempt to escape
the kidnapper even forces her to kill her dog
when waking up again, she finds that she is changed into a new dress
and Gary is put in the adjoining cell
she realizes the kidnapper may want to control them both mentally and physically
so she opens the cupboard with the key and wears the attractive dress prepared for her
making herself hormone-charming to the kidnapper
it seems that the kidnapper is pleased by her obedience
he allows Gary and Jennifer to be together in one cell
but then he turns off its lights
and plays a recording on television about how he tortured other victims before
Gary can't bear it anymore and breaks the monitor in anger
resulting in the punishments to him
he is tied to the operation table suffering endless tortures
Jennifer is so worried about him, but her own situation is no better than Gary
the kidnapper ties her up on the operation table with Gary
and plays a video about the kidnapper's own childhood
from that, Jennifer gets to know the kidnapper killed his mother, who was a drug addict
and recorded the bloody crime scenes
Jennifer is terrified to see the killing and trembles in fear
the kidnapper shows up later with a pair of pliers
trying to make her suffer the pain
in order to distract him away from Jennifer, Gary confronts the kidnapper
but at the expense of losing one of his teeth
Jennifer is touched by Gary for what he did to protect her
so she offers him a fast hormone game as compensation for his lost tooth
two minutes later, Gary gets up while Jennifer falls to sleep
right then, he seems not so helpless as before
he uses a card to open a secret door behind the mirror
walking up the stairs, he comes to a room
which seems to be the bedroom of the kidnapper
there, the television is still playing the killing of the kidnapper's mother
before the woman died, she called out the name of her son-Gary
it reveals that Gary and the kidnapper are brothers
they kidnap young girls to satisfy their own lust
but after being together with Jennifer these days
he really thinks that Jennifer is the Miss Right in his life
so he hopes his brother can let her go
but the brother tells him that woman is untrustworthy
the best way to memorize his favorite girl
is to keep her face in the recordings and collection books
Gary soon understands that it is impossible to persuade his brother in words
so he resorts to action
he stabs his brother in the chest and then drags him into the tub
as he plans to leave there with Jennifer
he's astonished to find two unexpected detectives
who visit to investigate his brother based on some clues they have got
despite Gary telling them that his brother is not at home for the time being
the two enter the house
while waiting for his brother, they begin to watch the football game on the TV
but later happen to see Jennifer locked in the basement
Gary has no choice but to shots the two detectives
then he comes back to wakes Jennifer up
lying that he has killed the perpetrators when they are inattentive
but when they are out of the basement
one of the detectives who has survived charges at Jennifer
mistaking him for the kidnapper, the panicking Jennifer takes a bat
and beats the detective to death
Gary says something to comfort Jennifer and tells her they need to clean the mess
and the recordings of this room need to be destroyed
so that no one will know she has killed someone here
still in great panic, Jennifer agrees with everything he said and stays upstairs
waiting for Gary to clean up all the bloody mess
but soon, she discovers several collections in a cupboard
labeled with different names, respectively
one of them even shows her name
driven by curiosity, she opens the book
and is horrified to find that it records all the details of the plan
of how to kidnap and tame her
and the incriminating photos with Gary in it as well
she is shocked by the truth and suddenly attacked by Gary's brother
who survives the deadly blow thanks to his fat body
however, Jennifer struggles to fight back and finally kills him
then she wants to escape away from the house immediately
but the doors and windows are all locked
at the same time, she hears a ringing bell
which seems to be from the cellphone of one of the dead men
she races to check it
and realizes the man who she has just killed is actually a detective
she tries to calm down and pretends to be obedient to Gary
helping him with the cleaning
right then, she takes a choice to spray the pungent liquid into his eyes
while Gary is struggling, Jennifer returns to the basement
and breaks the main power switch
then she goes back to her cell and finds a gun left by Gary's brother
however, she doesn't know how to use it at all
so soon after, she is overpowered by the coming Gary
but Jennifer doesn't just wait to be killed
observing how Gary is using the gun
Jennifer rises to fight against Gary at her full strength
she manages to grabs the gun back and shoots Gary down in blood
then she breaks the huge poster and uncovers a secret passage leading to outside
she flees out of the damned house, finally
Jennifer is relieved with pleasure and joy after her survival from the horrible abduction
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out